Conditioner:

The Sunsilk Perfect Straight Conditioner has been specially formulated to enhance the effects of the Sunsilk Perfect Straight Shampoo. It is designed to reaches your deepest hair fibers, reduce frizziness and help straighten hair strands, aligning them perfectly as your hair dries.

Shampoo:

Long Lasting shine
Nourishes your hair from root to tip and gives it a healthy glow
Gives deeper, shinier hair from the first wash
Revives your black hair, leaving it fuller
Beautifully moisturized and mesmerizingly shiny

Mascara:

Mascara is a cosmetic commonly used to enhance the eyelashes. It may darken, thicken, lengthen, and/or define the eyelashes. Normally in one of three forms—liquid, cake, or cream—the modern mascara product has various formulas; however, most contain the same basic components of pigments, oils, waxes, and preservatives.


Eye liner:

Eye liner is commonly used in a daily make-up routine to define the eye or create the look of a wider or smaller eye. Eye liner can be used as a tool to create various looks as well as highlighting different features of the eyes. Eye liner can be placed in various parts of the eye to create different looks with a winged eye liner or tight lined at the waterline. 

Foundation:

Foundation is a multi-coloured makeup applied to the face to create an even, uniform colour to the complexion, to cover flaws and, sometimes, to change the natural skintone. Some foundations also function as a moisturizer, sunscreen, astringent or base layer for more complex cosmetics. 

Blusher:

Blusher is a versatile powder blush to highlight your complexion with a natural healthy glow. Apply in gentle circular motions to the areas that pops out when smiling.

Serum:

Reconstructs and nourishes damaged hair in 10 days for an extreme transformative feel. With Olive Serum Nutri-Complex it reconstructs beneath the hair surface, and fills damaged cracks deep inside - layer and layer, strand by strand. Reduces hair breakage, tames frizzy hair, and prevents split ends. Gives back extreme smoothness, shine and health to damaged hair. For best results, use regularly with Sunsilk Damaged Hair Reconstruction Shampoo and Conditioner. For more intensive nourishment, use Sunsilk Intensive Treatment at least once a week.

Lipstick:

Be bold with trendy shades of the Elle 18 Color Pop Matte Lip Color. A bold stroke of this lip essential will make you look gorgeous and lovely daily.
High Color Payoff
It has a high color payoff that lasts long.
Single Color Lipstick
It is a single color, bold lipstick for an edgy look.
Matte Texture
The matte texture looks lovely and stays on for a long time.
Bold Shades
The bold shades are ideal for both western and ethnic looks.
Long Stay
This is a high-performance lip color for soft, smooth lips and it stays on for long.

Hair Color:

tay color-safe with this ammonia-free hair color from Loreal Paris that gives your hair shine plus long-lasting color. The Loreal Paris Casting Creme Gloss Hair Color contains Loreal’s exclusive conditioning complex that cocoons your strands in care and nourishment and keeps them soft and shiny. The smooth and creamy texture of this Casting Crème Hair Color, enriched with green tea and aloe vera, spreads easily on your hair and is ideal for beginners as it doesn’t leave a messy gunk on your hands during or after application.

This Loreal Paris Hair Color in the shade Ebony Black – 200 is for women who covet the conventional black hair that is gleamingly lustrous. The visibly shimmering tones ensure that your black tresses reflect light well and look glamorous. Any traces of grey or dull hair are completely covered and your locks look naturally brilliant. Go the modern way to get those much sought-after dark locks with this Casting Crème Gloss Color.